Eighteen months later escaping FBI, the fugitive Four Horsemen – J. Daniel Atlas, Merritt McKinney, Jack Wilder, and new member Lula May – await orders from the Eye, the secret society of magicians. The Horsemen’s handler, FBI Special Agent Dylan Rhodes, delivers their instructions: the Horsemen are to expose corrupt tech CEO Owen Case, whose latest cell phone will secretly collect users’ personal data to sell on the black market. In New York City, the Horsemen hijack the phone’s launch, but are interrupted by a mysterious figure who reveals to the public that Jack faked his death, and that Dylan is working with the Horsemen. Dylan eludes the FBI as the Horsemen escape down a construction chute only to find themselves in Macau.

They are captured by Chase, Merritt’s twin brother, and brought to Walter Mabry, Owen’s former business partner. Having exposed the Horsemen in New York, Walter reveals how they were lulled unconscious and flown to Macau. He explains that Owen took his company from him, as well as a chip designed by Walter to access any computer system in the world. Despite the protests of the other Horsemen, Daniel agrees to steal the chip for Walter before Owen can sell it. They acquire supplies from a magic store owned by Li and Bu Bu, and arrange to deliver the chip to the Eye, knowing they cannot trust Walter. Posing as potential buyers, they infiltrate the Macau Science Center, using cardistry and sleight of hand to sneak the chip past its supervisor, Allen Scott-Frank.

Dylan is contacted by Thaddeus Bradley, the magic debunker he framed for the Horsemen’s crimes. Thaddeus offers his help in finding the Horsemen, and Dylan extradites him from prison. They go to Macau, and Dylan finds Daniel waiting to give the chip to the Eye. Walter arrives, having manipulated Daniel into believing he was in contact with the Eye, and Dylan fights Walter’s men as Daniel escapes with the chip. Captured, Dylan discovers Walter is the son of Arthur Tressler, whose fortune Dylan and the Horsemen stole. Walter and Arthur lock Dylan in a safe and drop him underwater, mirroring the death of Dylan’s father. Arthur pays Thaddeus for bringing him Dylan, and Thaddeus promises to deliver the Horsemen as well. Dylan escapes from the safe and is rescued by the Horsemen. Realizing the chip they have is a fake, they resolve to stop Walter from acquiring the real chip, and are joined by Li and Bu Bu.

The Horsemen announce a new performance in London, with an implicit threat to expose Walter, who flies to London with Arthur and Chase in a private jet. On New Year’s Eve, the Horsemen perform across the city, but they and Dylan are captured by Walter’s men and brought to the jet. Once in the air, they are forced to hand over the fake chip, which Walter confirms is real. Dylan and the Horsemen are thrown out of the plane, which is revealed to be a set floating on the Thames. They explain how they had misled the three into thinking they had won and reveal Jack had hypnotized Chase into throwing them out of the plane as planned. Walter, Arthur, and Chase’s misdeeds are broadcast to the crowd and around the world, and they are taken into FBI custody as Dylan and the Horsemen escape before the FBI can apprehend them. They arrive at the Greenwich Observatory, where they meet other members of the Eye, including Li, Bu Bu, and Allen. Their leader is revealed to be Thaddeus, who explains to Dylan that he was actually his father’s partner in magic and was pretending to be his rival this whole time. He appoints Dylan the new leader, and the Horsemen are shown a secret entrance to see more of the Eye.